the holiday spirit we're talking about
decorating correct and how you can save
a little money by what you do as what
you put out there and how to make your
life a little less stressful because
when they go through all this and Andy
was talking about how a fuse kept going
out give it out it's driving me crazy
all right the first thing I want
everyone to consider is switching over
to LED holiday lights why because
they're just so much more durable okay
now this is my third season with LED
lights in our home and we do a fair
amount of lighting around our home
I had one strand one strand that didn't
work and I'm gonna show you later how I
brought it back to life
so they cost about $5.99 per section as
opposed to $2.99 they even have these
battery operated ones which I think are
awesome because you could put them like
you know when Stefan puts that wreath on
his door of a condo you can put lights
on it too to drive the condo board crazy
inside and out inside and out and
they're just so much more durable some
people don't like the light they say
little too brightly harsh they've come a
long way with those now and I could put
this warm white LED light next to a
conventional one and you would not tell
the difference look beauty part is they
use so much less energy you can actually
plug about 40 of them together one after
another after another with
conventionally going to three all right
all right when it comes to hanging them
these clip boxes make your life a lot
easier this is what they look like you
can use them virtually at anything to
hang off the gutter around a tree I mean
you know around the anything you want
and can hang lights everywhere when you
go to use receptacles and and extension
cords this is interior based you know
these are the thing ones to use inside I
know people are going to use these
outside you shouldn't but if you're
going to make sure you take some
electrical tape when you plug everything
in put the tape around there to keep the
moisture out and if you can stake it to
the ground that would be helpful I would
prefer if you use exterior based
extension cords but I know that's what
you're gonna do finally bringing those
lights back to life these are two
products the light keeper Pro you were
like what do I do with that one light
bulb that doesn't that goes out this
tool for less than 20 bucks is a
lifesaver and you'll have it for the
rest of your life you literally can plug
the light strand into it pull that
trigger twenty times it replaces what's
called the
hunt and the lights go back out and now
they have a new LED version for the LED
light I'm real quick light this is one
of my favorite things this is a funnel
for your Christmas tree take a look at
this to water your conventional
Christmas tree stick it down into the
reservoir fill the water I don't have to
get underneath there and get all the
pine needles in your it's awesome a good
invention here's this - maybe this is a
soap thing mom when you're washing your
hands merry holidays now that gets you
into the holiday spread right I can see
the kids washing their hands for 3 hours
in the summer and needing new soap happy
holidays thank you so much all right so
how smart airs on Saturday mornings at
5:30 and Sunday mornings at 11 o'clock
and if you have a question for Lou
please share with us on our Facebook
page
and we will answer your questions
they'll send it back to Stefan Lou thank
you for the wreath idea and just a
reminder